README.md, before:

# Ticket Viewer Terminal App

## Steps to run the project on your local machine

Clone the repository into your machine by running the following command:

` git clone https://github.com/vipul022/Terminal-Ticket-Viewer.git`

In your project directory, you can run :

`yarn install`

This command will install all the dependencies for the project.

To run the app in the terminal, run the following command:

`yarn start`

Run the following command to run all the unit tests:

`yarn test`

## Tech Stack

- JavaScript
- Node.js

###### Testing:

- Jest

## Purpose

The purpose of this app is to complete a coding challenge. The complete description of the app is given below:

Zendesk is a customer service tool that allows the creation and management of support tickets.
Your company needs you to build a Ticket Viewer that will:

- Connect to the Zendesk API

- Request all the tickets for your account

- Display them in a list

- Display individual ticket details

- Page through tickets when more than 25 are returned

###### Non-functional requirements:

- Include a README with installation and usage instructions

- The UI can be browser-based or CLI (see example output below)

- The amount of data you display in the ticket list view and the single ticket view is up to
  you

- How you format and display the ticket data is up to you, just ensure it is easy to read

- The Ticket Viewer should handle the API being unavailable

- We need to see you write at least a few happy path tests

```
The End 🌱
```

Commit message:

added instruction for creating .env file in the readme file

README.md, after:

# Ticket Viewer Terminal App

## Steps to run the project on your local machine

Clone the repository into your machine by running the following command:

` git clone https://github.com/vipul022/Terminal-Ticket-Viewer.git`

In your project directory, you can run :

`yarn install`

This command will install all the dependencies for the project.

To run the app in the terminal, run the following command:

`yarn start`

Run the following command to run all the unit tests:

`yarn test`


Please make sure to create a .env file in the project folder with the credentials that have been through email.


## Tech Stack

- JavaScript
- Node.js

###### Testing:

- Jest

## Purpose

The purpose of this app is to complete a coding challenge. The complete description of the app is given below:

Zendesk is a customer service tool that allows the creation and management of support tickets.
Your company needs you to build a Ticket Viewer that will:

- Connect to the Zendesk API

- Request all the tickets for your account

- Display them in a list

- Display individual ticket details

- Page through tickets when more than 25 are returned

###### Non-functional requirements:

- Include a README with installation and usage instructions

- The UI can be browser-based or CLI (see example output below)

- The amount of data you display in the ticket list view and the single ticket view is up to
  you

- How you format and display the ticket data is up to you, just ensure it is easy to read

- The Ticket Viewer should handle the API being unavailable

- We need to see you write at least a few happy path tests

```
The End 🌱
```
